Helping my community one step grow one step at a time.
Who am I?
Hello and welcome to Mano a Mano. My name is Salvador and i have been working as a blue collar employee for quite some time now. Have you ever thought about how the rich get richer saying? Have you ever asked someone how did they get so wealthy? I was always fascinated by the fact that many people think money is easy and you should always have multiple incomes to be successful financially speaking. After reading several books and after listening to several mentor i noticed that you need three things to be successful.
1. Take Risk
2. Have a positive outlook
3. Learn
My hobby consists of creating different ways to help my community improve their financial status. Here is one way that I discovered to help you grow financially. 


This is a stepstone method that has been around for years! The way it works is by filling in the spaces with people that are interested on joining the first level. 


Level 1
Once someone join the first level with a $25 fee and the first level gets filled then everyone in the first level pushes up to level two.


Level 2
Here in level 2 there are 4 spots to fill. We ask for people who joined “Mano a Mano” to try and find at least 2 people that they know to get involve and help them sing up so that when they join they fill level 1 so that once level one gets filled everyone will be able to push up a level.


Level 3
Here in level 3 there are 2 spots to fill. In this level we ask that you keep in touch with the people that you added in level 2 and motivate them to fill in the necessary spaces in level 1 so that everyone can once again push up and enter the next level.


Level 4
Here in this level we call it the payout level. Once you are on the top of the pyramid it is your turn to help make the last push and fill level 1 because once this row gets filled you get paid the amount you initially started x8. For example if you entered with $25 your payout would be $200! 


This system has been around for years and only the individuals the see the true potential of the system and take the initial risk with a positive outlook will learn another way to provide financial income that….