
http://www.hangar.co/
Hangar

THINGS THAT I LIKE!
Once you click on there bio a slideshow apears that shows you the different tabs on the website.

On the who are we part is states "We are ...." and the phrase keeps on changeing and into mulitiple visions that this company has.

They show multiple projects as you scroll down and helps the viewer gain trust fast!

They have a nice fun fact about there buisness and why you should keep reading

They showcase all the different brands that they worked with already



WHAT I DONT LIKE!

When you scroll down you see the same pictures as the slide show i feel like they are repetative and sharing the information that they already shared.

The Header has no background color so it is hard for the viewer at times to differentiate the header with the page.

the background color is white and they at times the page looks to blank


http://workdiary.de/
Micheal Schmid

THINGS THAT I LIKED!
A straight foward page that does not have not much information but enough for you to follow him if he is the type of workere that you need for you project.

The Word format is like a letter to whoever reads his page.

The background is a picture i think of himself

He shares with you how you could connect with him.

THINGS THAT I DIDNT LIKE!

He did not share his past expericence

He did not leave his email or any other contact information besides his social media


ss
https://weareadaptable.com/
adaptable.

THINGS THAT I LIKED!
They have a great slidshow that showcases there work.
every section of the website gets broken down into different background colors making it easy for the viewer to guide themselves better.

after everysection of the website they provide a link for you to visit there page if you would like to know more about there page.

They give you specific excamples of there work as you scroll down there page.

there is a contact information on the bottom. and also you could leave your information which they could then contact you back

THINGS THAT I DIDNT LIKE!

I feel like the home page is overwhelming, like they want to make sure that you get a taste of everything that they have to offer.

There header did not have an option for you to choose other tabs which made it difficult for me to see what other pages they had inside of there website.


Background color for the webpage should be white  but depending on the different pages and paragraphys i will change the background color(Black white and grey)

The text of the paragraph should stay within the colors of the logo. only if we need to highlight a key word.






Home Page

If you’re ready to remodel your bathroom, this is a great place to start. Whether you’re discovering your preferred style or browsing before & after pictures of Re-Bath redesigned spaces, you are sure to be inspired. When you are ready, our Design Consultant will provide design guidance on countless options. And the best part, our design process is free!









